Summary
Leach joins the MGA as a founder of K2 Financial’s US operations and was previously head of FI at Hanover.
The deal is Clear Group’s first investment in an underwriting business.
The Australian carrier has also renewed a five-year whole-account quota share with Hannover Re.
"Reinsurers are less worried about their property books compared to last year, and eyeing development of casualty loss costs due to social and macroeconomic inflation."
"In its update, CSU now predicts 18 named storms, including the four that have already formed, nine hurricanes and four major hurricanes."
"If you only read a handful of articles this week, make it the selection below."
Management has conducted a round of talks with potential acquirers to assess interest in the Lloyd’s business.
"The Corporation has also created separate codes for pandemic event cancellation and active assailant risk, among others."
Investment bank Perella Weinberg has again been enlisted to advise on a potential sale.
The coverage is designed to reduce the island’s obligation to the US Federal Emergency Management Agency.
"Loss-free accounts were generally up 20%-50% at renewal, the reinsurance broker said."
"Cyber GWP could exceed $50bn by 2030, the broker predicts."
"The aviation war segment is also proving ‘treacherous’ to buyers, according to the latest Plane Talking report."
There is stiff competition in the renewables space as carriers look to establish positions in a growth market.
"The business will target commercial and specialty lines business in the UK and, ultimately, internationally."
The broker has made a series of acquisitions in Europe in the entertainment space this year.
The executive will work as director of underwriting for the specialty casualty division.
"Across the market, 32% of leadership roles are occupied by women."
The business was launched last year to provide additional capacity for specialty lines and hard-to-place risk.
"The MGA has also appointed Protean Risk’s Charlie Cooper for FI, fintech and cyber underwriting."
Wood spent most of his near-19-year stint at Lancashire as head of property DF for Lancashire’s Lloyd’s Syndicate 2010.
The role of deputy chairman of the managing board will be taken up by Peter Höfinger.
The proceeds will be used by the Bermudian to take advantage of rate hardening in key markets.
"The guide focuses on how its members can protect homes and businesses they insure from climate risk, as well as protecting their own reputational risk."
The Australia and New Zealand carrier faced additional costs of A$250mn to renew its programme for the new fiscal year.
This will be the sixth Australian acquisition by BMS in the past year.
Sources said the company has approached some US bankers and consultants as it is actively looking for potential targets in the country.
"As part of the deal, 12 Piiq employees will join Gallagher bringing with them a handful of US-focused clients."
Former Cooper Gay CEO Toby Esser is seeking £9.38mn damages claim in the fraud case.
"CCR Group will retain a 25% stake in the company, with SMABTP and MACSF holding 75%."
The carrier experienced a downturn in investment performance during 2022.
"Antares Re recorded GWP of $854.5mn for 2022, of which $728mn was written in Europe."
"The Association of British Insurers has also appointed Clare Bousfield, CEO of retail and savings at MG, as deputy president."
The legacy carrier reported significant unrealised investment losses.
Pen’s marine war MGA Vessel Protect has hired maritime security expert Munro Anderson.
Filippo Cibin will lead the expansion of Fusion into Southern Europe as part of its growth strategy across European insurance markets.
"The 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck southern Turkey and northern Syria on 6 February, followed by a series of aftershocks."
A “little flurry” of new capacity helped the mid-year renewals as reinsurers pushed to deploy at the last chance for 2023.
"Reinsurers began relaxing limits on US property exclusions, but the lack of new start-ups points towards stability amid a more orderly market, the broker forecast."
"The aim is to build the profile of specialty insurance as a ""positive career choice among students"" and shift the age profile of the London market."
"The quota share cyber reinsurance market is finely poised, with good appetite for strong cyber writers, but reinsurers are cautious of new writers or fronted MGAs."
"Scopia nominated Jerome Lande as its representative to be appointed to the RQ board, subject to due diligence checks."
The company will no longer insure energy companies expanding their coal-based activities.
"Following Neil Arklie's exit, cyber underwriting performance manager Maria Mathews Saunders will manage the class, reporting directly to the head of underwriting performance."
The broker estimated there was a 7% uplift in alternative capital and a 5% recovery in traditional equity.
"If you only read a handful of articles this week, make it the selection below."
"Fidelis shares closed down from the $14 per share price set for the IPO, or a 0.8x multiple of its $17.19 book value per share at end of Q1 2023."
The broker’s latest report finds stability but continued price discipline in most lines and regions.
The CEO received $3.9mn in shares alongside his salary and bonus.
LMA CEO Sheila Cameron also called for the market not to speculate on the proceedings.
"The broker reported double-digit growth across US, international and global reinsurance operations."
The CEO received $3.9mn in shares alongside his salary and bonus.
The landmark legislation is designed to make regulation of the City more globally competitive.
"The broker used three major cyber models to analyse the drivers of model variability, with revenue coming top as the most prominent driver of loss variability."
The carrier stands to raise $210mn from the offering.
"The carrier will increase its involvement in renewables, and cut the carbon intensity of its motor and PC book."
The new reforms will mean the PRA cutting red tape for insurers to foster competition while maintaining Solvency II standards.
"The carrier’s legacy business reported pre-tax losses of $56.6mn, while its Accredited business recorded a pre-tax profit of $55.7mn."
Founder and CEO Jeff Greenberg will remain as chairman at the investment firm.
The CRO has worked for the company since late 2021.
"Beginning her tenure as president on 17 October at the closing of the Ferma Seminar in Belgium, Charlotte Hedemark will succeed Dirk Wegener upon completion of his four-year stint."
"Anthony Vassallo will focus on developing AGCS’s natural resources proposition, reporting to global head of specialty Gordon Browne."
Kelly Butler will be responsible for the strategic development and delivery of Marsh UK cyber insurance and placement capabilities.
"Despite reinsurers’ concerns over social inflation and loss trends, capacity remains abundant in both quota share and XoL deals, sources say."
The executive will report to international segment co-heads Adam Clifford and Jason Keen.
"A panel of sustainability leaders from Conduit Re, Axa XL, Convex and Vantage Risk discussed the need for a consistent methodology to measure underwriting emissions at the Bermuda Climate Summit."
The Financial Services and Markets bill is expected to gain royal assent next week after months of consultation.
"The broker has also announced several internal promotions, including Jack Snowden’s to lead the GRC London team."
"Also formally joining the board are Carlyle’s managing directors James Burr and Jitij Dwivedi, and Adam Halpern-Leistner, director at Hellman & Friedman."
The moves follow a pattern of prolific hiring in which 200 production staff were added across the group’s London business in 2022.
"Stephan Rappaz, Jérôme Carré, Arnaud Le Boulengé and Pierre-Yves Dalimier take senior roles."
The executive worked for WTW for more than two decades.
The carrier will look to support green energy projects in developing nations.
The executive was retail placement leader for Marsh UK and Ireland.
"The underwriter has worked at Swiss Re, Ironshore and Alize during his insurance career."
"Reserves eased slightly from 2020 through 2022, driven by motor and general liability sectors in the US and UK."
"Howden Tiger, which has been hiring aggressively from rivals, currently has only limited involvement in marine reinsurance."
"Price Forbes now houses Ardonagh Specialty’s energy operations, absorbing teams from Ed Broking, Besso and Bishopsgate."
"Europe is ""well equipped"" to become a leader in cyber security protection, says Axa XL's Ana Dores."
The move is part of a succession plan put in place on the company’s flotation in 2020.
Chris Parish was previously portfolio management and funds team leader at Nephila Capital.
"The BI loss is set to stretch into the hundreds of millions of dollars, with some anticipating a $500mn+ loss."
"The reciprocal’s purpose is to deliver additional US property catastrophe capacity to existing and new policyholders of Victor's subsidiary, International Catastrophe Insurance Managers LLC."
"After three years as a company director, Brégier received a unanimous recommendation from the nomination committee."
"The agency maintained the financial strength rating of A- for Accredited, reflecting a ""very strong"" balance sheet."
"The executive has worked for the French carrier for almost four decades in various roles in Toronto, Paris and Milan."
The UK government is aiming to introduce its changes to the Solvency II regime as soon as practicable.
O’Donnell will focus on strategic and tactical operations within global reinsurance alongside his continuing responsibility for Chubb Tempest Re USA.
The regulator said there is a risk some carriers may have released reserves too early.
The carrier said it had mitigated the impact of a challenging reinsurance market.
"The executive joins from Crum and Forster, with 20 years’ cyber experience."
Plus all the latest executive moves and the top news from the week.
The insurance industry is looking to play a part in supporting the rebuild of the war-torn country.
The platform will connect MGAs with capacity from a wide range of providers.
The executive was chief actuary for Travelers’ Lloyd’s business and Creechurch Underwriting.
The increase takes the carrier’s total reserves for the conflict to $145.6mn.
The broker will also work to support traditional reinsurance and retro activities.
"The executive oversaw lines of business including management liability, financial institutions and healthcare."
Mark Drummond-Brady will be providing advice and counsel to support the broker’s growth plans.
"The global natural catastrophe protection gap stood at $368bn, with protection gaps being largest in emerging markets."
It emerged earlier this month that Westfield Specialty was launching a DO book through Syndicate 1200.
"Tokio Marine has told cedants that it will discontinue its aviation retro book as the effects of the mammoth Boeing loss continue to ripple through the market, this publication can reveal."
The consultancy has outlined the financial guarantees needed from governments and availability of data from Ukraine that will enable insurers to provide risk capacity for the country's recovery.
The new SPA will write cyber reinsurance initially and could progress to writing insurance.
"Pantheon Specialty will assume 100% ownership of Denison and Partners, another BP Marsh-backed broker."
There has never been a named storm to form in the eastern tropical Atlantic this early in the season.
The broker said the risk from wildfire is also set to increase substantially.
"The carrier has set its IPO price at between $16 and $19 per common share, and will trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker FIHL."
Miller is now using Whitespace for casualty business in a move to leverage the e-trading platform's data-capture functionality.
"The National Hurricane Centre said the Lesser Antilles, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands must be vigilant."
A quarter of insurers have such bad cyber security ratings that they would struggle to get coverage for themselves.
The broker is in hiring mode following a raid on European staff by Howden Tiger.
The supply-chain finance firm dramatically collapsed in 2021 after its trade credit insurance was pulled.
"The company’s platform allows for the sharing of high quality, standardised data across the insurance value chain."
"The exercise, which will include insurers, will provide insight into shocks to the UK financial system."
The broker said increased reinsurance costs had not been passed onto customers.
"Louis Prato joins from Axa XL, where he was CUO of Axa XL UK and Lloyd’s since 2018."
Langley received the nod for her services to the financial services industry and public service.
ExCeL is seeking an indemnity of £16mn ($20.5mn) for losses arising from Covid-19-related business interruption.
"The Canadian mutual only announced its membership to the NZIA less than two months ago, joining several high-profile carriers to have exited the alliance."
The executive will assume responsibility for the group’s UK operations with immediate effect.
The report outlined 17 recurring and emerging risks (re)insurers should be aware of.
"The treaty specialist has also worked at QBE Re, Aspen and Swiss Re."
The cargo market is undergoing staffing turmoil as firms vie to secure talent.
The deal comes only months after the acquisition of Franz Gossler.
An unusual confluence of factors created almost daily storms.
Plus all the latest executive moves and top stories of the week.
The comment comes after major US carriers pulled back from new business in wildfire-prone California.
Luis Prato will take a senior role within the London team at LSM.
"The sale includes Liberty Seguros operations in Ireland, Northern Ireland, Portugal and Spain."
Previous marine chief Nick Holding resigned from the carrier earlier this year.
The carrier is increasing underlying rates to counter increased reinsurance costs and inflation.
"Chris Harris and Fiona Woodcock join the US liability and international liability teams in London, respectively, while Andrew Halls has joined Howden’s Bermudian property casualty team."
The executive joined from Tokio Marine in 2016.
The partnership will give Lloyd’s Lab members access to expand operations in Dubai.
Other appointments in the team include Nick Ayres as chairman of global credit and Doug Espenson named as head of US mortgage.
The carrier also recorded a large one-off benefit from the separation of its balance sheet and MGU segments.
"The underwriter spent more than two decades at Ascot, holding several roles in the property, political violence and marine hull teams."
The executive first joined Vantage in 2021 after stints at Hamilton and Allied World.
John Welch left his role as CEO of domestic markets at Axa XL Re last year in a leadership reshuffle.
Brown & Brown was ranked as the largest MGA Group in the world as the first to generate more than $1bn in annual revenue.
The case is the latest in a series of BI disputes that focuses on the issue of claims aggregation.
"There are more examples in the market of more experienced entrepreneurs going out to get capital to start up and ""do it themselves”, according to CIO Dan Topping."
"The broker said clients could save money, increase limits and buy extra coverage."
The broker named Matthew McCabe as MD of cyber broking with a brief to tackle complex cyber issues.
"The company said it was now considering a “high number” of potential business opportunities, having received 60 new business enquiries over 2022."
"The collapse of the Net-Zero Insurance Alliance means insurers must find new neutral ground to continue ESG engagement, CEOs at the Geneva Association's General Assembly said."
"Sources said the executive, who has over two decades of experience in the (re)insurance sector, will take a position at regional intermediary Reasinter."
The executive was previously co-CEO of First Republic Bank.
"Jarrier has been with the carrier for over two decades, most recently as head of worldwide pricing and analytics."
The aviation programme manager will exclusively use SiriusPoint’s paper across the US.
"Howden brokered the risk, securing coverage from Lloyd’s, London market and PI carriers."
"The investigation enquires into how the US insurance industry evaluates, invests in or underwrites fossil fuel expansion projects."
Accredited and RQ Legacy will now operate under two separate holding companies within the group.
The long-serving executive turned around the fortunes of the French reinsurer in a two-decade stint as leader.
"Previously, Shaw was lead underwriter at MS Reinsurance and lead underwriter at MS Amlin’s Bermuda office."
Analysts claimed the relative lack of transparency will allow carriers to earn higher margins for longer.
"Chief of markets Patrick Tiernan said there has been ""minimal improvement"" in rate adequacy across political violence, terrorism and strikes, riots and civil commotion business."
Plus the latest executive moves and all the top news of the week.
The former reinsurance CEO will join Sompo International’s board of directors.
The decaying oil tanker FSO Safer is holding over a million barrels of oil and is at risk of explosion.
A report by the ratings agency shows cyber insurance pricing has risen by 11% in Q1.
"Lloyd's chief of markets Patrick Tiernan set out some of the reasons why Lloyd's controversial approach to cyber war segregations could have had a ""softer landing""."
The carrier said a post-Covid rebound in travel was creating opportunities in the AH sector.
"The Exeter broker has expertise in placing coverage in the recycling industry, and has around £10mn GWP per year."
The executive joins from Axa XL and will report to Continental Europe president Ralph Brand.
"Ebitda multiples for MGAs are undented by rising interest rates, report claims."
"RenaissanceRe has said it hopes to retain as much as 90% of the Validus Re portfolio, but where are the highest areas of overlap by cedant?"
The executive will report to president and CEO Dean Klisura.
Costin left Piiq Risk Partners in November 2022 after nearly three years at the aviation broker.
"Mayer will manage a global centre of excellence for parametric products and report to Paul Schultz, CEO of Aon Securities."
"Sources said some assets expected to be up for sale include Central American units and other businesses, including some Mexican and larger South American operations."
"The underwriter will be reunited with former colleague and current head of terrorism, political violence and war, Andy Bauckham."
Group CFO Rob Callan will take on the role of group interim CEO while Chaucer looks for a successor.
"The scale of the loss has yet to become clear following the blaze on Friday, although the fire is under control."
New language has been introduced by some insurers to limit exposures to cyber risks.
"Despite leaving the alliance, Beazley said it “remains fully committed” to its transition to net-zero."
"The division, which previously was a part of TMK’s specialty unit, will consist of cyber, technology and intellectual property specialisms."
He will be responsible for supporting the Bermudian’s expansion in the Middle East and North Africa region.
The Singapore aviation hub is part of a strategic regional focus for the aviation team from Chubb Global Markets.
She will report to global head of cyber and technology Dan Trueman and play a key role in shaping the team’s strategic direction.
Chris McTear joined Aon in 2018 and has previously worked as part of the Airmic Insurance Steering Group.
Bronek Masojada served as CEO of Hiscox until January 2022 and was appointed to SiriusPoint’s board in May.
The portfolio will focus on international risks with a focus on the US market.
Douglas spent the last decade of his 23-year tenure as head of WTW’s climate and resilience hub.
Plus the latest executive moves and all the top news of the week.
Maritzen joins Everest after less than six months as head of underwriting for Berkshire Hathaway’s property program business.
Some cedants paid more than 40% increases depending on Florida concentration and Hurricane Ian losses.
Analysis showed a modelled loss range of between $15.6bn and $33.4bn for a 1:200-year global loss event.
Analysis showed a modelled loss range of between $15.6bn and $33.4bn for a 1:200-year global loss event.
Simon McGinn joined Allianz in 2004 and was made CEO of Allianz Commercial in 2021.
The platform will offer (re)insurance solutions in the APAC region through Volante’s Lloyd’s Syndicate 1699.
Syndicate 1200 exited London DO in 2020 when it was under the ownership of Argo.
"Based in London, the pair will be tasked with growing LSM’s multi-buyer trade credit portfolio."
"Neil Roberts, head of marine and aviation at the LMA, has called for a Plan B to Russian sanctions to help the marine sector."
"Capital markets are ""likely to become a key ingredient of a healthier and sustainable (re)insurance market""."
The rating agency upgraded Convex following it reporting its first underwriting profit for 2022.
The carrier is obligated to use the RAP program and upped its ceded premiums.
The claims resolution company said policyholders are more likely to have to sue to secure payouts.
"Morgan Stanley and Golman Sachs exercised in full their right to buy 945,000 shares in the company."
"Collectively, the claimants are seeking more than $17mn in damages over a range of allegations over fraud and false financial statements."
"Thomas is also non-executive director of IQUW Syndicate Management, while Vasquez is a NED of Allianz Holdings."
"Individual Covid BI cases continue to roll through the courts, with several major decisions."
The forecaster is predicting there could be as many as 14 hurricanes in the North Atlantic between June and November.
Re Solution CEO Asaf Grinstein will become CEO of Guy Carpenter Israel.
"Verisk said the deal will expand its data and technology solutions for straight-through processing and distribution to a growing market of SME brokers, coverholders and MGAs."
Varenne was previously interim CEO and group COO of Scor.
A string of insurers has abandoned the alliance after Munich Re announced its departure at the end of March.
Talanx said the transaction will make the company the third-largest PC insurer in Latin America.
The Corporation’s exit is the latest blow to the alliance and the announcement comes just hours after Sompo and QBE became the eighth and ninth firms to leave the initiative.
"QBE has become the ninth major insurance carrier to quit the Net-Zero Insurance Alliance (NZIA), adding to doubts over the future viability of the beleaguered initiative."
"Industry veteran Michael Wade will join Helios as a director and chairman, and take on a senior advisory post at Mitsui."
"In reality, there are three credible buyers for the ~EUR200mn-book-value Darag – Riverstone, Enstar or Premia."
"Sompo is the eighth major insurer to leave the NZIA, casting even further doubt on its future as remaining members explore options around whether to continue."
Weston Hicks replaces retiree Morgan Davis in the role.
The underwriting vehicle increased its capacity for 2023 by 34% to £238mn.
"Plus interviews with PPL, BMS and Kentro, and all the latest executive moves."
"Based in Stamford, Connecticut, the executive will oversee the carrier’s cyber fac and treaty operations reporting to NA CEO Brian Quinn."
"The US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has forecast “near normal"" hurricane activity in the Atlantic this year."
The executive first joined the group via Munich Reinsurance America.
Both Axa and Allianz said their own targets on sustainability and reducing emissions remain unchanged.
"The reinsurer is the fifth major player to leave the organisation, following Swiss Re, Munich Re, Zurich and Hannover Re."
"Wyatt is reunited with former IQUW and Agora colleague, James Blackwell in her new role."
The appointment follows Tony Chaudhry's retirement from the Corporation earlier this month.
The New Zealand carrier has topped up its cat programme to maintain a NZ$889mn limit.
"The duo will head up the DF and DA teams, and report to active underwriter Steven Tebbutt."
Argo has also hired former RLI surety head Greg Chilson as an adviser.
"Munich Re, Swiss Re, Hannover Re and Zurich have all abandoned the project in the past eight weeks."
The PC segment also reported a top-line expansion of 14%.
"De la Cuerda will oversee Allianz’s commercial unit in Spain and Portugal, reporting to both Allianz Spain CEO Veit Stutz and AGCS chief regions officer Henning Haagen."
"Trium cyber is the first monoline cyber vehicle to be approved by Lloyd’s, and began writing business in January."
The broker’s UK CEO said the current rating environment is ‘eminently supportable’ for London carriers.
"The broker is trialling a contract-checker tool provided by Morning Data to support adoption of the core data record and MRC v3, as foundational reforms for the Blueprint Two programme accelerate across the market."
The takeover will push it up two places to rank as the fifth-largest writer of PC reinsurance by gross premium.
"The integration launched by Eigen Technologies, a provider of AI-driven document processing and data extraction services, marks another advance of large language-model technology in the London market."
Sean McGovern said the appointment was part of an “important strategic initiative” for the company.
"The largest single loss event in the quarter was the Turkey and Syria earthquake, which cost EUR15mn."
The deal represents a 3.41x money multiple for Kentro Capital’s largest single investor.
"The Bermudian reinsurer launched a public offering of 6,300,000 common shares and anticipates raising around $1.15bn to finance the transaction."
"The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter, subject to regulatory approvals. Financial details were not disclosed."
The deal represents RenRe’s third Bermuda consolidation deal following Platinum and TMR.
The company will operate under a single brand as it moves away from its prior reputation as broking’s arch decentralizer.
Aspen’s global head of casualty and head of international reinsurance Beatrice Morley is set to relocate to London as of 1 August.
"Tom Abbotts joins from Elmore Insurance Brokers, where he was one of the founders and led the cyber, technology and fintech team."
"Lisa Ljunggren has been appointed as head of analytics, Nordics, joining from SiriusPoint"
The portfolio comprises of large deductible and guaranteed-cost workers’ compensation policies.
Egan will receive an annual base salary of $1.1mn and an annual target bonus equal to 140% of his salary.
"The company reiterated that net proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include expanding its existing business lines and operations."
"MacDonald spent 13 years at Miller Re, which included a three-and-a-half-year stint as executive chairman."
A memo from the reinsurer raises concerns for cyber insurers over whether they could face a coverage gap after renewals.
"Artificial Labs is developing a pilot with several carriers and brokers that integrates a generative AI model, including the use of ChatGPT, into its algorithmic underwriting platform."
A memo from the reinsurer raises concerns for cyber insurers over whether they could face a coverage gap after renewals.
Investment bank Macquarie has been retained to advise the legacy firm on the disposals.
AUB said the placement bookbuild was “significantly oversubscribed” and only allocated shares to existing investors as a result.
"Net profit at a group level took a hit, however, in part due to the impact from domestic natural disasters and major accidents."
"The international segment booked a 105bn yen Taiwanese Covid loss, offset by strong growth in North America."
The executive takes on the role vacated by former Enstar MA chief Jonathan Zisaruk.
Parent company MSAD reported a net profit for fiscal 2022 of 161.5bn yen.
Plus the latest executive moves and the top news of the week.
The company did not provide prior-year period figures as it usually discloses its results on a semiannual basis.
The move follows a rebrand completed in November 2022.
She will be responsible for driving the firm's global data strategy and governance as well as overseeing the analytics operating model.
The broker is targeting to double its revenues to £400mn by 2025.
The senior hires will help Howden CAP’s surety team to expand across new markets and develop new products for the broker’s surety clients.
Tysers Retail Limited was established as a separate entity in the wake of AUB’s acquisition of the broker.
"Reinsurers are starting to see increased demand from personal lines, where valuations are being updated to match inflation."
The carrier has expanded its team since launching into the class of business in 2020.
"The round was led by Tokio Marine and included MetLife Next Gen Ventures, Malaysia's sovereign wealth fund Khazanah Nasional and new and existing shareholders."
The broker said it intends to vigorously defend itself against Aon’s allegations concerning the departure of fac re employees.
"Lloyd’s has asked all syndicates to outline their delegated authority (DA) portfolio at a whole account level for syndicate business discussions (SBDs), as the 2024 business plan cycle kicks off."
Simon Tighe is taking on the group ESG position in addition to his role as group head of investments and treasury at Chaucer.
The carrier also reported GWP in excess of $3bn and $1.7bn in net earned premiums for 2022.
"The cyber MGA reported that claims severity increased by 7% to an average loss of nearly $169,000, fueled by business email compromise and other types of attacks."
"Howden’s insurance broking, reinsurance broking and underwriting outfits will all report directly to David Howden under the restructure."
"At first, Canopius will write non-proportional aviation reinsurance with an aim to quickly establish itself as a lead market."
The executive passed away last week after suffering from motor neurone disease.
The PE firm also invests in Markerstudy and previously backed broker Specialist Risk Group.
"Three months ago, Starboard trimmed its stake by almost 14% to 1,925,491 shares valued at over $470mn from 2,232,209 shares at the end of Q3."
Securities filings show the conglomerate’s ownership of Markel holdings was valued at over $600mn at the end of March.
The fac-focused reinsurance unit expects to expand into treaty over the next year and attract additional talent to boost its operations.
DO insurers have long warned that economic conditions could push up insolvencies and associated claims.
PPL has avoided having to renew with Ebix Europe again for 2024 – a move that would have cost the placement platform around £8mn-£10mn.
"Kerton steps into the role vacated by Tom Wakefield, who is set to become global CEO of Gallagher Re in the coming weeks."
"The carrier reported group revenue of EUR31.8n, 2.1% higher than in the prior-year quarter."
Interest in distribution mechanisms such as facilities are seeing something of a resurgence in the regional SME market.
Citizens’ board is slated to meet on May 16 at 13:30 ET to discuss the reinsurance and risk transfer program.
The broker has hired Tom Summers and Tyler Walsh from Marsh and Adam Carr from Howden.
The global PC CEO said the carrier will deploy roughly the same capacity in the state as last year.
"The underwriter has worked at various Axa entities for 13 years, holding a string of increasingly senior positions."
"Loeb revealed his intention to take SiriusPoint private last month, saying that it would better position the company to execute its turnaround strategy."
Thomas Uzzo brings more than a decade of industry experience to his new role.
"Beazley CEO Adrian Cox told investors the carrier's cyber expectations remained “unchanged” for the year, despite predicting a slowing of growth into Q2."
"AGCS reported an 11% improvement to operating profit, reaching EUR202mn."
The Brazilian reinsurer agreed to pay $5mn in compensation to the US Department of Justice to resolve a fraud probe.
The marine insurer said that it benefited from a benign claims year and reduced large losses.
The firm noted prior-year development on cat events that primarily occurred in late 2022.
The outgoing CEO will now retire from the company rather than taking up a group carrier relationship role.
"The LMA runs numerous influential marine committees, which work on producing wordings and highlighting coverage issues."
The non-catastrophe ILS platform hit a valuation of $1bn after a Series C funding round.
The Corporation appointed two barristers to examine the behaviour of five employees within the underwriting directorate.
The reinsurer said its PC re division is on track to contribute at least EUR1.6bn to its full-year operating result at year-end.
The Marsh McLennan reinsurance unit alleges Massimo Reina was working on the move as early as late 2022.
"The executive will have responsibility for lines including property, casualty, professional lines, energy and marine."
Jackson is likely to be charged with a build-out beyond the three lines currently underwritten in London.
"The underwriter will work out his notice period at Chaucer, which remains active in the natural resources class."
"He will succeed Melanie Slack, who will be retiring after more than 20 years with the firm."
"To seize the market opportunity, the company plans to raise non-convertible debt with closure expected in Q2 2023."
It emerged in March that Tim Welsh was leaving MS Amlin after almost three decades at the business.
"The go-live has started with more than 450 colleagues in Aon UK’s Commercial Risk teams covering marine financial and professional services, natural resources and construction teams."
The executive is the longest-serving CEO in Biba’s 47-year history.
Beaver is currently a non-executive director and chair of the risk committee at Newline Group and has previously acted as senior adviser for the Financial Reporting Council.
The update comes days after the agency downgraded the carrier’s ratings late last week.
Julian Cusack has stepped down from his duties as ASML chair after eight years.
Pene Reuben joins as senior client executive focusing on PI Club client relationships and business growth.
"The guide includes details on aspects of implementing an ESG policy, including carbon management, green offices, investment strategy and local community engagement."
"To stay relevant, intermediaries are being forced to scale up, broaden their suite of services and quantify their value."
"Cogent Andina will operate as a reinsurance broker in commercial PC and specialty lines, including aviation."
Carlyle Aviation Management has filed three new lawsuits against six insurers in the UK High Court.
HM Treasury has opened a call for proposals on the performance metrics the UK government should use to hold regulators to account under the Financial Services and Markets Bill (FSM).
Reinsurance media technology provider Slipcase appoints Raphael Zindi to the newly created role of chief commercial officer.
"DO MGA Rising Edge has expanded into the employment practices liability, pension trustee liability and commercial crime insurance markets."
"Reinsurance recoveries for New Zealand insurer Tower Limited from flooding in Auckland and Cyclone Gabrielle may now hit NZ$276mn ($175mn), after the carrier increased its loss estimates."
"Given better pricing following a disappointing January 1, the company increased its exposure significantly."
Salter has worked at AJ Gallagher and Price Forbes during his career.
The executive has a background in consulting and briefly worked as CFO of Talbot.
A move by Lloyd’s to exclude catastrophic state-backed cyber war has sparked debate in the market.
The carrier has also hired Paul Cunningham from Talbot to lead the claims function of its newly launched marine team.
The company has eroded about half its international catastrophe deductible following New Zealand losses.
"His departure comes after a period of ill-health, from which he continues to recover, according to Lloyd’s."
AM Best also affirmed the financial strength rating of A (Excellent) and the long-term ICR of the group.
Prices are continuing to decline in the DO market following significant hardening.
"The technology company has completed a major step in moving London market systems to the cloud, in a project that lays some of the groundwork for the Blueprint Two reforms."
The cyber-security professional has more than 20 years’ experience.
"Warne joins from Inigo where she was head of political violence, terrorism and aviation war for nearly two years."
Plus all the latest executive moves and the top news of the week.
"The loss figure only includes property losses incurred in Turkey, as Perils does not cover Syria."
"Following the deal, Jose Otavio Sampaio will continue as Lockton Brazil CEO while THB Brazil CEO Eduardo Lucena will become deputy CEO of the combined entity."
Browne becomes deputy global chief underwriting officer and Holmes assumes the role of global underwriting officer of property for energy and construction.
"Bermudian carrier SiriusPoint’s equity stake in DO MGA Banyan Risk has been reduced to 49% from 100%, filings show."
"Wheeler will report to Pete Chandler, CEO of BMS Re."
Larger wind turbines are driving up the cost of claims in the renewables sector.
The Hong Kong-based carrier expanded GWP by 7% to $2.3bn over the year.
Peedu will be based in Stockholm and will also oversee Dual’s operations in Norway and Denmark.
The FCA wants streamline listing rules in the UK to attract a wider range of companies to IPO in London.
The executive said surging demand for coverage would address the supply-demand mismatch in the renewables space.
"The business is looking to become a lead presence in green risks in London, following Syndicate 457’s exit from oil and gas business."
"The segment reported a 13.5-point improvement in its CoR to 56.5%, while maintaining a 14.6% growth in net written premiums."
"The broker described Neuron as an end-to-end trading solution that connects multiple broker and insurer systems together, enabling risks to flow at scale and with common data standards."
The broker spent much of his career serving multinational clients.
"Nick Williams-Walker, COO of Gallagher’s Specialty division, will chair the group as it looks to advance the market’s adoption of foundational elements of the Lloyd’s Blueprint Two programme."
The UK Prudential Regulation Authority plans to publish an annual report showing how it has implemented a statutory duty to enable economic growth and the financial sector’s competitiveness.
"Montgomery Aviation and Rise Aviation Limited, along with EOS Aviation, have launched fresh legal battles against Convex and Lancashire."
The pair have spent a quarter of a century working in the insurance sector.
Marc Lewis has worked as CUO of commercial lines at Aviva for the past two years.
The deal is the expansive broker’s first MGA acquisition in the country.
The scale of reductions is increasing as the class of business experiences its fourth consecutive quarter of rate falls.
"Most of the losses were sustained by the reinsurance segment, which reported $108mn in pre-tax cat losses, compared with $110mn in the prior year period."
The fast-growing InsurTech has made headlines for its mega funding rounds in recent years.
"The funding from BP Marsh has enabled a management buyout from Castel Underwriting Agencies, with the management owning the remaining 65% of Verve."
Overall the group’s net result is likely to exceed consensus at EUR1.3bn.
"The broker also said it grew in fac, as well as in its strategy and technology group."
Overall the group’s net result is likely to exceed consensus at EUR1.3bn.
Ransomware will remain the primary loss driver in 2023 in terms of threats for businesses and individuals.
Aon’s results continue a trend of accelerated organic growth among brokers in the first quarter.
Bastion Risk Partners will operate autonomously as a provider of specialist (re)insurance solutions for a wide range of commercial entities.
The carrier booked a net impact from the Turkish earthquake of EUR77mn.
Interim CEO Bob Verber moves to become commercial director.
Plus this week’s Q1 results and the latest executive moves.
The CEO also said Gallagher Re posted a 12% organic revenue growth in Q1 amid the current hardening of the reinsurance market.
Gallagher’s operating earnings per share soared 9.8% to $3.03 – beating analyst consensus of $2.99 earnings per share – in Q1.
"Most lines continued to record price increases, with global rates being propelled largely by rising rates in property insurance."
A fire at a warehouse outside Amsterdam damaged a substantial amount of cocoa owned by Cargill.
"The broker reported new business and increased retention in aerospace, financial solutions and natural resources."
Marine war underwriters charge additional premiums for ships sailing in listed areas.
Cook will be responsible for building more effective customer and broker relationships and managing strategic partnerships with retrocessionaires.
Simon Fraser stepped down from Lancashire’s board after nine years of service.
"The loss figure has been updated from the previous estimate of A$840mn, released six weeks after the event."
The carrier recorded an unrealised investment gain of 1.5% compared with a loss of 2.3% in the same quarter last year.
"The decrease was also driven by non-renewals of some marine business in Q1 as well as declines in some specialty lines including liability, and accident and health."
"The company also reported top-line growth of 25.8%, with gross premiums written during the quarter totaling $4.8bn."
The ratings agency cited an increased risk of asset-quality deterioration.
"The firm also announced the creation of Howden Deutschland, appointing newly minted CEO Holz to its board alongside other key appointments."
The WTW DO liability 2023 survey canvassed directors and risk managers in 40 countries around the world.
Insurance Insider analysis shows which managing agents stand to gain – or lose – the most ground floor space.
The Brazilian reinsurer falsely disclosed that Berkshire Hathaway was a shareholder in the company to prop up the share price.
"Exposure growth in Japan was in the low-single digits, reflecting a more modest inflationary environment."
"A recent rise in ransomware incidents – along with pricing deceleration, attracting capital, and the Lloyd’s cyber war exclusions – were among the hot topics at Zywave’s cyber conference in London."
"The carrier has retained advisers to run the sale process of the unit, which is valued at over $330mn, according to Bloomberg News."
Sources said the executive had a minority ownership interest believed to be around 20%-30% of the operation.
Lawsuits from lessors KDAC and Merx will be included in the ‘mega trial’ to be heard next year.
The previous Aston Lark CEO will be responsible for supporting the leadership team to build out the broker’s geographic reach and product expertise.
Sources suggested the equity was raised at a valuation in excess of 16x Ebitda.
"The trade body is in crisis following a string of misconduct allegations, including alleged rape."
"The market veteran left Aegis London, where he was CEO from 2015, in June last year."
"Rise Aviation has named the two insurers as the representatives for its all-risk and hull-war reinsurance policies, respectively."
"Lessor WWTAI is also pursuing the claim via clause AVN67B, naming the Russian insurers of the airlines in possession of its aircraft."
Spectra has in-principle approval for a Bermuda broker license but believes cyber ILS solutions will be a game of “slow progress”.
"Beneva has signed up to net-zero targets as a member of the NZIA, following a period of turbulence in which Munich Re, Zurich and Hannover Re have left the alliance."
"Founded in 2019, the InsurTech is the first to hold both the full Digital Asset Business Act license and Innovative Insurer General Business license from Bermudian regulators."
The underwriter will be based in southern California and lead global strategy in cyber for the insurer.
Plus the latest executive moves and all the top news of the week.
The reinsurer achieved rate increases of 7% across its portfolio.
"Mark Cloutier set out Aspen’s plans for top-line 2023 growth in the range of 10%, and a continued strategy of pursuing rate rather than exposure growth in property cat."
The increased growth from Q4 halts a trend of gradual deceleration experienced through 2022.
"Aviva has said it is committed to the Net-Zero Insurance Alliance, in the wake of withdrawals from the group by Zurich, Munich Re and Hannover Re."
"Takuya Aibe and Tetsuro Nakazawa have joined the broker from Marsh to lead the business, based in Tokyo."
"Leather, who is set to join in summer, will report to group finance officer Nick Moss."
Fabian Rupprecht will join Helvetia as chairman of executive management and group CEO on 1 October.
The appointment comes after a slew of cyber reinsurance brokers left Aon to join Howden.
"The US bank is said to have expressed unease to Lloyd’s over the increased threat of state-backed cyber attacks on large, international corporations."
"The Bermudian carrier reported GWP of just over $4.3bn in 2022, a 10% increase on the year prior."
"The companies expect to complete the transaction in the second half of the year, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions."
Aon expects depleted shareholder equity to be restored over time via higher retained earnings and the ‘pull-to-par’ effect of bonds approaching maturity.
"James Burns, head of cyber strategy at CFC, said updated war exclusions could be beneficial for policyholders if properly defined."
The news comes after it emerged last week that RSA was launching into the superyacht class of business.
The underwriter moves to NorthStandard following the recent merger of North and Standard Club.
The lessor was awarded $355.4mn for the total loss of two aircraft and more than $55mn for costs relating to the recovery of another plane and its engines.
"Sir Keith Skeoch takes over from Tim Ingram, who has retired after nine years as chairman."
"He joins the division during a period of growth, with GWP surpassing $1bn for the first time in 2022."
The pair will report to CRO Vishal Desai.
The council has appointed Deloitte to examine carriers’ performance during the crisis.
The facility will be the largest to launch since Aon Client Treaty in 2016.
The next destination of the underwriter is not known and comes following a change in Ascot’s leadership.
"The new facility will provide coverage for all major lines, except motor, and is backed by several A-rated Lloyd’s insurers."
A group of Conservative MPs has launched the Regulatory Reform Group to push the agenda.
"Nirvana launched as an MGA earlier this year, following a management buyout from Castel Underwriting Agencies."
"The number of global firms surveyed in WTW’s report that purchased political risk cover surged to 68% in 2022 from 25% in 2019, as the Ukraine war changed the geopolitical outlook."
The carrier has extended the deadline for nominations to the statutory auditors board.
"The CBI has faced a string of allegations, which caused its CEO Tony Danker to quit last week."
EMEA CEO Simon Matson said the company will announce “the optimum structure for this part of Gallagher” once it is finalized.
"Fighting between Sudan’s army and the RSF have resulted in the total loss of three planes, with nine others still on the ground at Khartoum Airport."
The aircraft lessor has already launched several legal actions relating to aircraft stranded in Ukraine.
"Mollinier spent 14 years at Aspen, most recently as head of EMEA and LATAM, and will help TransRe to expand its continental European business in his new role."
"The Madrid-based division has secured A-rated capacity from BMI and Malaysian Re, initially with a maximum $2.75mn line."
The broker said competitive conditions made it an “optimal time” for insurance buyers.
Nick Muir will be responsible for the oversight of and growth in the firm’s property portfolio.
The acquisition comes less than a week after Ardonagh agreed to acquire Dutch specialist commercial lines broker Klap.
"Beginning in his role with immediate effect, Peter Chesterfield will focus on construction projects across international markets."
CEO John Neal first raised the possibility when he met Chancellor of the Exchequer Jeremy Hunt last month.
"The loss hits a market grappling with social and economic inflation, plus increased reinsurance costs."
Capitola operates as a digital market that connects brokers with carriers using AI for risk-appetite matching.
The insurer plans to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Sources said BlueChip NY-based managing directors Chris Opisso, Jon Sprintz and Jason Tomitz will join Volante to run the unit."
"The initiative supported 1,259 film and TV productions and £3.06bn in production expenditure."
Fort Lauderdale Hollywood airport was forced to close as a result of the flooding caused by the 25 inches of rain that fell on Wednesday and Thursday.
"Total economic losses came in well above average, driven by the earthquake in Turkey."
Plus all the top stories and latest people moves of the week.
"The Connecticut-based insurer said $138mn in cat losses stemmed from its commercial lines segment, while $47mn came from personal lines."
"Colorado State University anticipates a “near-average” probability for major hurricanes – Category 3, 4, and 5 – making landfall along the continental US coastline and in the Caribbean."
"Details of the bids are being closely guarded, but sources said they expected a valuation of $400mn or above if a deal is consummated."
"The underwriter is a long-standing Allied World employee, having worked at the insurer for over 20 years."
Biba and Lloyd’s are hosting events in Birmingham and Manchester to support the partnership.
"The broker’s Plane Talking report highlighted the excess hull war and liability market as a key area of hardening within the aviation market, as capacity has been restricted and reinsurers take harder lines."
"Apollo plans to deploy meaningful lead capacity through the consortium which will be led by Syndicate 1971, as revealed by Insurance Insider."
The move is the latest indication of talent turmoil in the marine cargo class.
The underwriter will work on developing the Bermuda platform and strengthening the global property proposition.
"Gallagher Re is now lead and sole broker for ARC, the Caribbean Catastrophe Risk Insurance Facility SPC (CCRIF SPC) and the Pacific Catastrophe Risk Insurance Company (PCRIC)."
"He replaces Steven Barnett, who is leaving to pursue opportunities outside the company."
It was announced last month that Ermotti will step down after the AGM and a short handover period.
Miller has reported revenues of over £200mn as it marks the two-year anniversary as an independent broker.
The new programme marks Core Specialty’s first offering in the tech EO and cyber market and offers up to $5mn of coverage.
The NGO called out “climate laggards” for “tarnishing the reputation of Lloyd’s and all other Lloyd’s insurers”.
"Lloyd’s has launched a fund on its new investment platform to enable the market to invest globally in assets themed around climate adaptation, mitigation and social inclusion."
The Irish subsidiary boosted its top-line growth by 58% during the year as it took advantage of market dislocation.
"The firm is led by the former executive team of MGA Medici Facultative, headed by Henrik Webster."
"Adeyemo is stepping into the role soon to be vacated by current UK construction lead, Trevor Chainey, who is retiring after a 45-year career."
Scor’s PC reinsurance business is expecting insurance revenue growth of up to 2% in 2023.
"Charrier-Leflaive joined Wakam in early 2022, while CEO-turned-chairman Jaillon has been with the InsurTech since its acquisition in 2000."
"Colin Reddy joins from Mizuho Financial Group, where he was responsible for the financial institutions Debt Capital Markets team."
"The report states that nature-related financial risks need to be better understood, quantified and managed within insurance underwriting portfolios."
High tornado activity at the end of the quarter is expected to add to the claims toll.
The hire comes as Miller continues to expand its UK team under the leadership of Tim Norman.
The acquisition comes after Ardonagh entered the Netherlands market in October 2022 through the purchase of Léons Group.
"The deal includes a diversified book of international and NA financial lines, European and NA reinsurance portfolios, and several US discontinued programs."
"Based in London, Artunduaga has served as Aon’s LatAm network leader. In addition, Chile-based Jose Necochea, Victor Padilla and Andres Claro will move to WTW."
"The forecast included two intense hurricanes, six hurricanes and 12 tropical storms."
"AIG’s head of commercial DO in the UK, Christopher Magee, is leaving the business to take up a role with Starr in the US, Insurance Insider can reveal."
Insurance Insider previously reported that Nexus was acquiring a majority stake in the Dubai MGA.
"The decision comes after RQ announced it was looking to separate Accredited, its programme management business, and its legacy insurance business."
The syndicate confirmed to Hampden that it was leaving the 2021 year of account open “depending on developments over the next 12 months”.
The syndicate confirmed to Hampden that it was leaving the 2021 year of account open “depending on developments over the next 12 months”.
"The family-owned broker is potentially looking for a strategic acquirer, sources said."
The carrier made the statement following a news report which said it was renewing the policy.
"The newly developed scale will run from AR-1 to AR-5, with AR-5 being the most intense, to mirror measurements of hurricane events."
The facility would largely involve Lloyd’s companies but Apollo confirmed it could potentially include London company market firms on a reinsurance or sidecar basis.
The authority will be investing £12.7mn to implement regulatory reforms that will see it focus on economic growth as a secondary objective.
Their remarks follow a slump in diplomatic relations between the two countries over the island nation.
It has increased its limit based on market demand and feedback from customer base across the port and shipping sectors.
"Bart Zanelli will work within Gallagher Securities, specialising in capital raising and MA."
"Unilink is the largest broker in the region, with 1,300 staff providing a range of life and non-life products."
Pachlatko joins from Kessler where he was the practice leader for cyber and crime risks as well as team leader.
"All four quartiles of the Lloyd’s market once again grew GWP in aggregate during 2022, Insurance Insider’s analysis shows."
"Scor, RenaissanceRe and other smart tracker syndicates are supporting the consortium."
The company is considering separating its program management business Accredited from its legacy division.
"The muted GWP growth came after exits from aviation war, construction and contingency classes."
"Global reinsurance capital fell by 12% in 2022 to $638bn, Gallagher Re estimated."
Net claims from the two major events cost the business almost £250mn.
The underwriter will replace retiree Lorraine Seib and add US excess casualty to her remit.
The wholesaler had already paid out a cumulative $2.1bn of dividends to investors since 2018.
Aviva said he left the marine book in “fantastic shape” and it will appoint a successor in due course.
Alison Gaudette will report to group chief risk officer Louise Wells.
"Hardening has recommenced in the market, although conditions vary depending on client, according to WTW."
"Hannah Hosking will join from Chubb to lead the strategy across the business, focusing on growth at the higher end of the market segment."
The carrier has made significant investments towards launching in numerous primary specialty classes in London.
Reinsurers achieved an average ROE for 2022 of 5.2% – far below the cost of capital – in what Aon described as a “poor year for reinsurance sector earnings”.
"The underwriter will focus exclusively on onshore and offshore energy insurance worldwide outside the US, focusing on clients transitioning to a net zero environment."
"McMillan joins from Siemens, where he spent 16 years, most recently as global head of product safety and risk."
Simon Hughes spent just under seven years as CFC’s cyber team leader.
The company believes the program management and legacy businesses would work better as standalone operations.
Legal precedents are being set which could lead to crippling liabilities for US businesses as well as longer term data management implications.
"The syndicate also reported an overall profit of £35.1mn for the year, up from a £34.3mn loss in 2021."
"Russell Higginbotham, CEO of Swiss Re’s reinsurance solutions, has also been added to the firm’s Global Clients & Solutions executive committee."
"Adam Lait is joining as senior underwriter, marine liability & ports, UK & Lloyd’s after a near-10-year tenure at Marsh."
"The carrier has reserved a gross figure of £138.3mn for stranded Russian aircraft, but the eventual size of claim remains uncertain."
"Syndicate 1084 reported an overall profit of $16.6mn compared to $129mn in 2021, as net incurred losses increased by just over $227mn."
"The broker’s international chairman said that without an influx of new capacity, the market will remain disciplined."
"Following the retirement of Mark Watters, Jason Page will be responsible for managing marine and hull underwriting activities the carrier’s worldwide portfolio."
"Syndicate 33 also reported unrealised investment losses of $69.3mn in 2022, taking its total investment loss for the year to $43.2mn."
The syndicate’s combined ratio was down for the fifth year in a row.
"The carrier also posted a 187.3% increase in its GWP, reporting premiums of $218.8mn in 2022."
"The syndicate’s net loss ratio in 2022 was 60.3%, an increase of 4.7 percentage points from 55.6% the prior year."
"TMK Syndicate 510’s profits fell by 31% in 2022, a decline it attributed to £55.86mn in unrealised losses from investments."
Industry climate alliances have received allegations from conservative politicians and regulators in the US that such commitments are illegal group activities that violate antitrust laws.
The results show 2022 was the first year in which MS Amlin Syndicate 2001 has reported an underwriting profit since 2015.
The syndicate booked a comprehensive loss of £103.7mn for the year as its underwriting profit fell by 90%.
Finlay joined Aon last year from Guy Carpenter.
Benoit Chasseguet will be succeeding Veronique Brionne following her decision to leave the company.
The private-sector reinsurance unit said cat loss costs were down 23% from 2021.
"Reliable ESG information is increasingly important, as an estimated $33.9tn of global assets under management will consider ESG factors within three years."
"Political instability, economic retrenchment, competition for strategic resources and supply-chain diversification are contributing to increasing risk."
The reinsurance and ILS leader joined the firm in 2012 during a “rollercoaster” year for industry loss warranties.
Growth in renewable energy is anticipated to be achieved through new business rather than rate change.
Julia Sommer won her tribunal last year after she claimed to have been consistently discriminated against for her sex and was unfairly dismissed after her maternity leave.
"Reserving has increased substantially, inflicting another major claim on the loss-hit class."
"Sources said they were seeing more verticalisation of placements in the energy market, particularly in the downstream segment."
"The impact of the cyclone, which battered New Zealand in February 2023, was worsened by previous bad weather on the North Island."
"WTW said driver shortages continue to force contractors to use younger, often less experienced drivers, potentially putting upward pressure on losses."
Mactavish research has found that commercial policyholders are now more than three times as likely to sue their insurers to get their claims paid.
Brokers must begin producing MRC v3 compliant contracts by 30 September.
"Wendy Thorpe previously held senior roles in technology and operations at Axa, ANZ and AMP."
Jacques de Vaucleroy has been appointed vice chairman as the carrier seeks a new chairman.
Four of 13 companies selected for the 10th cohort of the Lloyd’s Lab incubator programme will focus on European digital and climate solutions.
The move is designed to improve the strength and sustainability of the UK and international business.
The appointment comes as Everest continues to forge ahead with its international insurance growth strategy.
"Most of the 708,255 claims relate to residential properties and arose from Lee County, Florida."
"The MGA provides coverage to SMEs in the food, hospitality, leisure and hotel sectors."
"Oden Grenville joins from Starr Insurance Companies, where he held the role of senior underwriter for AH."
"In addition to the loss-share transaction, First Citizens has agreed with the US regulator to share losses to provide future protection against potential credit losses."
"The Lloyd’s syndicates named in the trial include Tokio Marine Kiln’s Syndicate 510 and Syndicate 1880, Liberty Managing Agency, MS Amlin and Munich Re."
"The broker focused on African, North Sea and Latin American business at Primassure and has 30 years’ experience."
Jennifer D’Arcy will be responsible for building out the carrier’s FAC strategy for North America from London.
The private equity house first made a significant investment in MRHT in early 2021.
The business has hired former AGCS aviation underwriter Alistair Blundy as CEO.
"Jessica Turner will report to Martin Burke, director of underwriting performance."
"The outlook is based on a strong pricing environment and higher interest rates, but the ratings agency warns of changing climate trends, and social and economic inflation."
The revision reflects SiriusPoint’s improved underwriting performance under a revamped management team.
The London-listed carrier has made several changes to its remuneration policy.
The executive is well known in the marine market through his work leading Iumi.
Sources suggested current minority backer AnaCap would remain an investor if a deal is agreed.
"CEO John Neal and CFO Burkhard Keese retained their salary levels from 2021 during 2022, though their performance bonuses increased significantly, as Lloyd’s made one-off payments to staff to reflect cost-of-living pressures."
The executive will stand for election at RenRe’s AGM in May.
The Canadian pension fund will retain 9.4% of the carrier’s voting shares.
Plus all this week’s top exclusives and executive moves.
The executive said that the current banking situation affirmed the need for robust DO pricing.
Syndicate 1225 has reported a sub-100% combined ratio for 12 consecutive years.
Litigator Sarah Bowden has been appointed to oversee the new book of business.
"More than 40,000 claims have been made in relation to Cyclone Gabrelle."
Therese Chambers and Steve Smart will share the role soon to be vacated by Mark Steward.
"Global reinsurers also reported a slight deterioration of their combined ratios in 2022, with the average for the year being 95.7% compared with 94.7% in 2021."
Specialty reinsurance profits dropped amid Ukraine war claims.
"Lloyd’s has confirmed a combined ratio of 91.9% in its full-year results for 2022, following preliminary numbers that also showed an improvement in the attritional loss ratio to 48.4%."
The specialty business – which includes Price Forbes and Bishopsgate – reported 16% organic growth in an integration year.
Ground floor boxes are set to be reallocated based on recent footfall.
The group CUO role is being eliminated with the function pushed back into the regions and specialties.
"The regulator has faced criticism over its approval times and operations, and it has since invested in extra staff."
"The reinsurer said cat reinsurance rates hit a 20-year high, driven by losses, inflation and financial markets."
The promotions cover a range of roles from underwriting and accounting to analytics and portfolio management.
Analysts find carriers have few investments in bank debt after Credit Suisse rescue.
"Prior to joining Nirvana, Thomas Mannsdorfer led the European specialty underwriting team at Sompo International."
The Corporation’s sustainability director Rebekah Clements will sit on the scheme’s steering committee.
The executives said the PI market needs to be “very careful” about underwriting conditions.
The 2020 Lloyd’s start-up is now 100% employee owned.
"There were 435 insurance MA deals in 2022, with private equity investors accounting for 60% of all insurance MA transactions, according to FTI Consulting."
Swiss Re estimates that inflation has peaked but is likely to remain persistent in 2023.
The deal involved the use of a non-payment credit insurance policy covering exposure on a GuarantCo portfolio transaction.
"GWP rose by 17.9% to EUR8.9bn, with premium income now almost double 2018 levels."
"The devastating quake left more than 50,000 dead and destroyed 160,000 buildings in Turkey."
"Kayley Stewart joins from Fidelis, and Yvonne Ledger and Kate Carrett are joining the environmental liability team."
"The appointment of Chris Jones comes amid wider staff movement among Ardonagh’s intermediary firms, as the group consolidates its array of brands."
"Gard’s best underwriting results in 15 years was driven by the “extraordinary” lack of large losses in its commercial marine and energy business last year, according to CEO Rolf Thore Roppestad."
"The upgraded rating reflects the reinsurer’s balance sheet strength, assessed as very strong."
Sarah Morgan has been with the reinsurer since 2006 and will continue to be based in Bermuda.
"The LPT covers both settled and unsettled claims, taking on “a lot of variability” and potential exposure in terms of the reserve, Marco said."
The French carrier is exposed to the troubled bank via various bonds.
"Prior to joining BHSI in 2020, Ben Ruddlesdin worked as an underwriter for the Hartford."
Karen Crowley joins from Atradius and Arwel Roberts from Coface.
The casualty broker spent more than a decade at Gallagher Re and also worked at Guy Carpenter.
The results covered a period of around 10 months after the marine insurer changed its reporting calendar.
The intermediary has named leaders for each line of business within the two divisions.
"The estimate is an increase on the figure released by Perils in December, which gauged the insured losses at 120bn yen."
Insurers have been flooded with litigation relating to aircraft stranded in Ukraine.
The specialty leader had worked at recent acquisition Willis Re since 1998.
Inmaculada Gonzalez was previously US head of ceded reinsurance placements.
A group of lenders have provided uninsured deposits of $30bn to support the ailing bank.
A group of lenders have provided uninsured deposits of $30bn to support the ailing bank.
Plus the latest executive moves and all the top news of the week.
The AJ Gallagher-owned MGA is looking to hit £1bn in gross written premiums.
The Women in Finance Charter report has shown that 71% of signatories have increased their proportion of women in senior management.
"Pay for NEDs has increased by 70% since 2018 due to inflation and more contracted days, according to research."
The carrier said the initiative accelerates obtaining an entry-level underwriting licence by two-thirds.
The longstanding Chaucer underwriter left when the carrier exited the FI market last year.
"Although insurers’ investment exposure to SVB is low, investors are likely to keep a close eye on their portfolios."
The MGA has $15mn of capacity to underwrite UK public corporations and plans to expand into the US market.
The executive will be charged with unifying carrier engagement and bringing together Gallagher’s offerings.
Hamilton non-renewed its cargo binder with the MGA at the beginning of March.
"Not only could raising venture debt become increasingly difficult for the sector, but InsurTech companies could also struggle to access their credit lines."
Energy underwriter Tim Welsh has held a string of increasingly senior positions at the carrier since 1994.
"While panelists agreed that tort reform is needed, they also noted that it couldn’t be achieved by force from the insurance industry alone."
"In the Spring Budget, chancellor Jeremy Hunt said he would also look to help the AI sector prosper in the next decade."
The Corporation reported that ethnic-minority representation increased to 11% across the entire workforce.
"The Corporation reported a 2% increase in the number of women in leadership roles in 2022, while ethnic-minority representation increased to 11% across the entire workforce."
"City of London grandee Martin Gilbert is attached to the project in a non-executive capacity, sources said."
"DO underwriters, as well as financial institution insurers supporting startups and venture capitalists, could have faced “financial distress” without government intervention."
The flooding resulted in the costliest weather event for New Zealand’s insurance industry to date.
"The parent company of Hannover Re and HDI exceeded its large loss budget for 2022, reporting losses of EUR2.2bn."
"SP plans to publish a capital model prototype with its revised proposals for ratings methodologies, in its latest move to seek market feedback."
"The start-up carrier also secured a ~20% uplift in GWP planned for 2023, taking it to $1.2bn, after resubmitting its Lloyd’s business plan."
"Following the collapse of SVB, and subsequently Signature Bank, sister publication Inside PC analysed the exposure of several major insurance firms."
Costs of defending and settling lawsuits are likely to fall on the bank’s DO insurers.
"Market transformation director Bob James has been given a broader remit as COO at Lloyd’s, while deputy CFO Alex Cliff has joined the executive committee."
The regulator has set out priorities for monitoring climate risks for the financial system and how it will address climate-related gaps in the regulatory regime.
"Toby Gorman joins the expansive broker from Arrow Risk Management, while Matt Taylor joins from Chesterfield."
"Gordon Browne will head up lines including marine, aviation and energy, representing 30% of AGCS premium."
The results improved despite a larger impact of nat cats compared with last year.
"SP Global Ratings has affirmed Scor’s financial strength ratings (FSR) at A+, while the French carrier’s outlook remained stable."
"Insurers including AIG, Fidelis, Swiss Re and Chubb along with several lessors were in favour of merging the aviation war cases, while lessor AerCap wanted a separate, standalone trial for its lawsuit."
The collapse of Silicon Valley Bank is creating investor fear across the global financial services sector.
The property underwriter has also worked for Beazley and Liberty Mutual.
Inclusion@Lloyd’s partner network initiative aims to support existing networks that are tied to a specific DI need.
"The announcement follows the appointment of Diana Murphy and Vanessa Wittman as independent directors, which will be effective on March 16."
Sources pointed to increased pressure to lift minimum rates on line above 2.5% on upper layers of wind programmes.
"Paul Morgan, Breda Duignan and Abel Budd are set to join the financial lines team as partners."
"Olivier Reiz joins from Chubb, where he was strategic growth director for Continental Europe."
The Insurance Collaboration to Save Lives is seeking life insurers to join an effort to deploy proactive health screening to reduce excess mortality.
The amount of limit purchased by the California Earthquake Authority has stepped down over the past couple of years.
AM Best’s data shows that only eight life insurers have bond exposure to SVB greater than 2% of their capital and surplus.
"Lloyd’s has drawn attention to an improved attritional loss ratio in 2022, warning the market that it would be “very difficult to get back” if it slips."
"The MGA will offer a £10mn excess line, as well as access to its attack monitoring technology."
Stephen Bertolla specialises in casualty and motor and joins from Lockton Re’s international PC division.
The company also expects the overall decrease in loss expenses due to the recent Florida legislation to be on the lower end of 25%-40%.
"It is understood that Everest acquired XL’s insurance license in Mexico from Axa, which already had one in the LatAm country when it acquired XL a few years ago."
"The BMA also expects Bermudian insurers to consider double materiality in their reporting, as well as their own external climate-change impact."
SP published its first consultation on proposed changes to its risk-based capital adequacy methodology in December 2021.
Allianz said this approach will close internal structural gaps in market reach and extend its product offering and delivery at a local level.
The OECD is proposing a global minimum tax rate of 15%.
"Summit Partners will likely remain a minority investor in Global Group after the deal completes, sources said."
"Dr Renate Strasser and Shanil Williams will take on the expanded responsibilities as chief technical and chief underwriting officers, respectively."
Morgan Stanley has reached out to sponsors in recent weeks after initial attempts to source a US strategic tie-up.
"James Kench has over 14 years’ experience in global (re)insurance broking, climate risk and portfolio management."
The rating downgrades reflect the deterioration in Scor’s operating performance.
Plus all the top stories and latest people moves of the week.
"WTW only gained majority ownership of the India operation last year, meaning it did not transfer in the wider Gallagher acquisition."
Nirvana Risk Partners was founded by Rob Jones in 2017 as a division of Castel Underwriting Agencies’ MGA formation platform.
"Jennifer Zhu is a principal at Golden Gate Capital, a majority stakeholder in Mosaic."
Placing Platform Limited’s Next Gen platform went live on Monday after several delays.
Ching said young brokers were “out of their depth” and did not know where to find capacity at the 1 January renewal.
"David Altmaier previously served as the commissioner of insurance for the state of Florida, leading the office of insurance regulation for more than six years."
The executive said the carrier had sufficient “dry powder” to expand in hard market conditions.
CEO Adrian Cox and CFO Sally Lake are set to lose more than £100k each in long-term share awards after the accounting error.
"GWP at Lloyd’s increased 19% during the year, whilst investment losses resulted in an overall pre-tax loss of £0.8bn, according to preliminary results for 2022."
"The sub-syndicate will complement Hiscox’s existing portfolio, offering additional capacity to qualifying clients."
"The executive has worked at Hiscox since 1986, in roles including group CUO."
The carrier reported a combined ratio of 90.6% despite losses from Hurricane Ian and Ukraine.
"Minesh Jani will report to Bradley Maltese, CEO of international and global specialties."
The companies did not disclose whether any money exchange hands as part of the agreement.
Intermediaries have highlighted the ‘evolution’ in reinsurance buying as hard market conditions are expected to continue.
"Based in Boston, the executive will report to Sompo International CEO James Shea."
Mario Binetti will be responsible for leading Conduit’s global casualty underwriting team.
David Porter left Ardonagh Specialty’s subsidiary Ed after almost two years as head of cyber and VP of casualty.
The annual risk of failure for life insurance firms increases from 0.5% to 0.6% using the government’s proposed reforms.
"Bay Risk will become part of Gallagher Re’s Global Programmes practice group, led by Andrew Moss."
"Last week, SiriusPoint and Compre signed an LPT deal covering $1.3bn of reserves."
The carrier becomes the first syndicate to use the new London Bridge structure.
"Will Green will report to head of aviation David Slevin, as well as Lisa Leahy, head of airlines, and Graham Oddie, head of general aviation and aerospace."
The launch date for PPL’s Next Gen platform was pushed back as the team fixed final defects.
"In tandem, the company elevated David Ni as chief strategy officer, Paul Brockman as chief operating officer and Matthew Kirk as chief financial officer."
The lawsuit argues that one engine that was leased out in Ukraine and 16 engines that were leased out in Russia have suffered physical loss or damages.
Insurance Insider previously reported that the Irish lessor was holding talks with Aeroflot Group.
"Broker benefits include the ability to get a quote within seconds and to manage clients’ policies fully, Hiscox said."
The Bermudian’s underwriting profit and combined ratio worsened due to an increase in claims.
Ex-Miller broker Andrew Vertigan will also join BMS’ energy team as it looks to strengthen its service offering.
Plus the detail on the Ardonagh Specialty restructure and all the top news of the week.
CFO Ian Kelly said the EUR0.40 reduction reflects 2022 as a loss-making year.
Karen Pickersgill joined Allianz in 1999 following roles at Aviva and Cigna.
The deal is the latest incidence of bumper transaction size in the legacy space.
"With the new war exclusions starting to take effect from Q4 last year, the executive expects a disorderly few months before the market reaches equilibrium."
The carrier set out a string of defences in the $3.5bn suit.
William Cheney is set to join the firm as head of insurance US later this month.
Alun Thomas will report to Bermuda CEO Chris Bonard.
"Wayne Ashley will report to Jim Wixtead, senior vice president of Chubb group and president of Chubb Tempest Re."
"Sarah Breslin is to replace Steve Thornett, who has left the business."
The carrier said an investment loss of $179.7mn largely offset 14% GWP growth over the period.
Analysts question a 24% Q4 earnings miss as the company cuts its dividend.
"Underwriters are responding to onshore losses in 2022, but offshore continues to attract new capacity."
The appointment comes over a month after this publication revealed that Herrera has left his director position at Howden Specialty after over two years.
"Following the completion of this transaction, Enhanzed Re became a wholly owned subsidiary of the legacy carrier."
MG investments has committed the capital through its Catalyst private assets strategy.
"After taking a $90mn capital charge relating to the former Ace run-off asbestos book in 2021, the group is looking to liquidate the entity."
"Ben Fortune joined Fidelis in 2015 as an underwriter, later becoming head of international reinsurance in 2020."
"The marine expert worked for Ed for five years, after a career working with Marsh, Miller and Aon."
The executive said the low claims of 2022 and the large losses of 2021 were anomalous.
The transaction has been executed by Howden Germany’s specialty broker Howden Caninenberg.
"David Mutton joins from Axa XL, where he held the position of senior casualty underwriter for Australia."
"The firm’s US unit recorded $36.6mn of net unfavorable development in Q4 2022, compared with a $121.6mn charge in Q4 2021."
The syndicate also booked a combined ratio for the year of 78.6%.
"Despite the suspension of the casualty reinsurance business, CFO Sarah Doran told analysts that she expects the company’s total gross premium to grow in 2023."
Group CEO Noriyuki Hara told NikkeiAsia the company was targeting groupwide adjusted ROE of 10% by 2025.
"The recruit has also worked for Arch, Swiss Re, QBE and others."
The former Lloyd’s executive joined the carrier four years ago.
"Axa owned 100 million shares, equating to about 8% of the bank’s share capital."
The executive spent 19 years as head of Willis Germany and Austria.
"The cost of living, government distrust, polarisation, activism and climate all pose heightened risk."
The MGA’s international platform hopes to bring in MGA underwriters looking for US expansion.
Rhodian facilitates capacity and technology relationships for new MGAs.
"After this publication reported The Hartford’s exit from AVN52B, the carrier’s Lloyd’s business has now confirmed its exit from the entire aviation war class."
Kevin Bogardus joined the firm last year as head of business development for Asia Pacific.
"The board of directors has chosen not to replace Jean-Pierre Clamadieu, decreasing the board numbers from 17 to 16 members."
Alpert joined BAML in 2018 from UBS as managing director to lead the bank’s EMEA insurance-focused team while Kleinsteuber has led the US insurance unit since 2020.
"Diana Murphy has been managing director at Rocksolid for 15 years, while Vanessa Wittman was most recently CFO of Glossier."
The regulator will propose quantitative metrics that Parliament could use to hold the regulator accountable for achieving a new growth objective.
"Seb Simmonds will succeed current divisional MD Nick Colyer, who is set to retire."
"As it stands, the Insurance Development Forum has hit $2.2bn in expected or offered risk capacity across 22 ongoing country projects."
The result represented a 4.2-point deterioration from previous mid-point forecasts.
TransRe contributed $986mn of PC re premium during the year.
CEO Nick Tye told this publication earlier this month that the company was planning a financial lines launch.
"The Insurance Growth Report said 242 MA deals took place in H1 of 2022, with a significant drop-off in the second half of the year."
The appointment comes one year after David Robinson joined the firm in March 2022 as managing director.
"The executive didn’t provide a target for the number of investments it expects to keep, but said SiriusPoint will not be an active acquirer in the near term."
"The claim, worth $43.8mn, takes the total amount claimed in the courts by Carlyle Aviation Partners to upwards of $832mn."
Plus all this week’s top exclusives and executive moves.
"The biggest increases came from North American hurricane and earthquake coverage, where retentions rose from $350mn to $600mn."
Erica Kofie and David Warr move up in the cyber team.
"More than 239,000 insurance claims relating to the event have been lodged, according to the ICA."
The business is being advised on the potential transactions by Howden.
"Two of the most-exposed segments to the war have experienced very different years, with sweeping PV changes contrasting to more stable conditions in parts of the aviation sector."
Talks relate to a deal that would see Aeroflot take ownership of the AerCap planes.
"24 February  marks the point when blocking and trapping claims can be lodged against war risk insurers, against ships stuck waters around Ukraine."
"AdvantageGo has secured agreements with Acord, Verisk, Vipr and Zywave to establish a collaborative ecosystem of London market data and technology vendors, which will help carriers modernise and prepare for the Lloyd’s Blueprint Two programme."
The reinsurer’s retro programme was renewed at a smaller size for 2023.
Weston Hicks has previously served on the boards of Alleghany Corporation and AllianceBernstein Corporation.
"Maria Guercio, Melanie Markwick-Day and Jared Concannon join the unit as executives."
"Hutchins will report to Bryan Dressler, head of WI at Markel International."
The insured losses include those to private insurers as well as to the Turkish Catastrophe Insurance Pool.
Gard CEO Rolf Thore Roppestad said the renewals went “right to the wire” after the late announcement of IG reinsurance rates.
"RQ is selling its 40% minority stake in Tradesman, which it acquired in 2019 following the acquisition of Sandell Re."
"The carrier also reported a drop in reinsurance revenue, with Axa XL Re reporting revenues of EUR3.2bn, a 27% fall from the year prior."
The conflict is set to inflict billions of dollars of losses across the specialty insurance market.
The PC segment also booked 2.3% risk-adjusted price increases at the 1 January renewal.
"The approval for coverholder status will help to bring Lloyd’s capacity to Africa, it said."
"Tony Day and Julia Dickinson, who both joined Aon in 2013, have previously held a number of senior roles within the political violence and terror team."
The broker has hired Paul Cousins from Chesterfield Group and Matt Webb from Ed Broking to run the division.
The committee will represent the views of managing agents and provide guidance and advice to the underwriting community.
Jonny Groves will be responsible for leading Argenta’s global cyber business in his new role.
"The broker benefited from new cargo business, higher war rates and a rebounding contingency segment."
The MGU’s insurance head Richard Coulson said the firm’s ability to offer equity was helping to attract talent.
The Bermudian reported 1.1 risk-adjusted price increases of 19%.
"RACQ will cede net reserves of approximately A$360mn (~$247mn), and Enstar will provide around A$200mn (~$130mn) of cover in excess of the ceded reserves."
The veteran underwriter died surrounded by his family while on holiday in Antigua.
"Carl Overy will become CEO of Odyssey’s global reinsurance business, as Brian Young takes on broader Fairfax responsibilities."
"The insurance technology provider is expanding across the UK, DACH and France, after it reported a 71% increase in revenue in 2022."
SP Global has confirmed an enhanced A rating with a stable outlook for the business.
The appointments aim to provide clients with a product-agnostic view on accessing capital in a capacity-constrained market.
Structures have been developed that would avoid “excessive capital trapping”.
"Brookfield will continue to operate under its own brand, and CEO Leonard Münz will still lead the business, as part of the transaction."
The GWP threshold for companies governed under proposed new frameworks is set to triple.
The loss estimate rose from a previous figure of EUR3.7bn issued six months ago.
"TMK already writes a book of specialist regional cargo business out of Singapore, and backs cargo MGA Loadsure."
The broker’s London market specialty unit is on the brink of closing a deal with Whitespace to place North American casualty risks on the e-placement platform.
Marcus Pollak and Stefan Behr will be based in Zurich.
Insurance Insider reported last year that the bloodstock team had resigned en masse to join Howden
"Argenta will be a cornerstone capacity provider to new MGA Casper, which will write $100mn in year one."
"The ratings agency has placed under review with developing implications CCR Re’s A financial strength ratings, as well as its credit ratings."
"New market entrants, fraying wordings and inflation disruptions are among the key trends to watch out for in 2023."
"The business will be led by Tanya Dasgupta, who recently joined from Aon."
"The appointments will be effective July 1, subject to regulatory approvals."
It is understood that industry veteran James Grieve will retire this summer after over 16 years at the French reinsurer.
"An influx of Gabrielle claims comes on top of more than 21,000 IAG already received due to the floods that struck Auckland in January."
"Despite 2022 being a “horror year”, the group reported record revenues and operating profit."
The carrier said 18% nominal price increases are mitigated by a 13% rise in loss assumptions.
"The coverage supports a series of recent Lloyd’s transactions, including the £1.2bn MS Amlin RITC."
"The Ki syndicate saw a year of significant growth, as its GWP rose by 110.8% to $834.1mn, with Brit also continuing to expand top line."
The group restructured its aggregate reinsurance protection and simplified the top layers of its main cat treaty.
The appointment comes soon after the broker hired Louise Rothschild from Price Forbes.
"NIIC has a small amount of legacy business in run-off, which includes property and casualty, marine, and professional liability insurance business."
The carrier has reported a PC re combined ratio of 102.4% for the year.
"Group profit improved by 5.7%, as the PC segment benefited from improved underwriting and investment results."
"Global PC insurers must reassert their relevance by reducing cat-related protection gaps rather than retreat from nat cat risk, McKinsey said."
The product launch comes soon after the MGA started a new professional indemnity binder.
SP said the change reflected uncertainty around Argo’s risk appetite following its $1.1bn acquisition by Brookfield Reinsurance.
North America commercial lines CoR for the quarter improved 10.4 points to 84.4%.
The income figure makes the MGA amongst the largest marine underwriters in London in its first full year of underwriting.
"Jack Bardrick will manage broker partnerships, facilitate new business opportunities and develop growth initiatives."
"It is understood that Tysers’ Latin America head Hugh Powell, who is also a shareholder in the South American operation, has left the UK brokerage."
The decision is the carrier’s latest step in its ambition to transition to a low-carbon economy.
The broker is looking to embrace forms of data integration ahead of the Blueprint Two reforms at Lloyd’s.
"Dean Dwonczyk established Catalina in 2005 with former UK CEO Chris Fagan, who exited the business in February 2021."
Increased appetite to grow in the cyber market is moderating rate momentum after a period of major hardening.
"More than 140,000 homes are without power, while buildings and roads have been destroyed."
Execution of the legacy transaction ticks off another major piece of work for MS Amlin in its turnaround of Syndicate 2001.
"The Bermudian increased its cat load to $100mn-120mn in Q1 2023, compared to around $80mn a quarter for 2022."
The new chief has worked for Axa for 24 years.
"Almost 40,000 are feared dead following the disaster, and more than 1 million people have been left homeless."
CEO Marc Rowan said PC business is “not that attractive”.
"Kentro Capital, which includes Nexus Underwriting and Xenia Broking, reported a run-rate adjusted Ebitda of around £21mn."
"In a discussion paper the regulator has highlighted good practices on sustainability-related governance and competence, as it seeks more consistency among financial firms."
"The launch date for PPL’s Next Gen platform has been delayed to 6 March, as the team at Deloitte fix some final defects."
"AIG has entered into a binding memorandum of understanding with Stone Point Capital to form an independent MGA to serve high-net-worth markets, as it takes a dramatic step to address the volatility this business has brought."
Anna Sampson will be responsible for expanding and diversifying the portfolio of delegated authority and facilities business.
The carrier booked a heavy domestic and overseas cat load during the quarter.
The team will be headed up by Nikki Melbourne who previously led the team at Besso Re.
Intellectual property coverage is seen as a growth market for traditional insurers.
"Canopius also added Jade Weaver, former management and professional lines underwriter at Argo, to its Bermuda team."
The carrier has increased its full-year perils cost estimate to A$1.15bn.
"The carrier will exhaust its personal lines reinsurance coverage on the storm, pushing it into insolvency, with commercial claims doubling."
"There has been no let-up in rate reductions so far this year, as fears mount about the profitability of the class."
The newly formed structure combines the operations of New York-based Concord Specialty Risks and London-based Ryan Specialty Transactional Risks International.
CEO Alex Maloney is predicting more growth for Lancashire in 2023 considering the strong cat market and improving rate conditions across the carrier’s book.
"Throughout his career, James Matusiak also worked at RenRe, PXRE, PWC Bermuda and Guy Carpenter."
Plus all the top news and latest people moves of the week.
The carrier increased its Ukraine reserves to $65.8mn while reporting a combined ratio of 97.7%.
The reinsurer said in its Q4 earnings call that Argo’s takeover further diversifies its operations and adds a foundational piece to its expanding PC activity in the US.
"Based in Mexico City, Brockmann will report to Marsh McLennan International CEO Flavio Piccolomini, who took over that role earlier this month."
Axis CEO Albert Benchimol has led posthumous tributes to industry veteran Michael Butt.
The Italian group previously halted writing catastrophe excess-of-loss business.
The executive said the broker stopped receiving client proposals whilst it was set to be taken over.
Executives noted that changes capping cat exposure via the treaty made it a less capital-intensive transaction for Zurich than in the past.
"The cat XoL rate increase in Europe was over 40%, while the average attachment point of the global property cat business increased “meaningfully,” he added."
The international reinsurance unit booked almost EUR1bn in revenue in 2022.
The consideration represents a 48.7% premium to Argo’s share price before the sale of its Lloyd’s business.
"Founded in 2016, Moonrock provides coverage for larger commercial drone operations."
The carrier has increased its retro capacity by 56% to EUR1.34bn.
The Iumi president said there were hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of vessels still stranded in Ukraine.
The executive is set to replace David Roberts as chair.
The carrier has exceeded its H1 natural hazard allowance of A$580mn.
The carrier said it achieved average risk-adjusted price increases of 30% on cat business.
"Overall, the company booked C$167mn of cat losses in Q4, or C$24mn above the C$143mn estimate that Intact reported on January 12."
"Steve Eccles joined AIG in April 2020 from Argo, where he was active underwriter of Syndicate 1200."
The market has quickly moved away from dramatic hardening in 2020 and 2021 following an influx of capacity.
The aircraft lessor has outlined its response in a $750mn lawsuit against its contingent war insurers.
Andrew Harris has held roles in senior management and business production for multinational brokers.
"The carrier is confident the positive cycle will continue as it prepares for April, June and July renewals."
"Slowing primary pricing, the looming threat of inflation and increased cat retentions were key themes from this reporting round."
"Capacity stands at near-record levels for structured credit and political risk, despite key risks such as China’s zero-Covid policy, the Russia-Ukraine conflict and a difficult month of reinsurance renewals."
Rokstone’s new PI facility is for UK and EU risks with a £2mn primary and a £5mn excess of loss limit.
"Reports said at least 641 people have died and thousands are injured, with damage to 1,500 buildings."
"Reports said at least 641 people have died and thousands are injured, with damage to 1,500 buildings."
The ratings agency said the weakening of the group’s performance in the first part of the year continued into the third quarter.
The ratings agency said the weakening of the group’s performance in the first part of the year continued into the third quarter.
The executive will join Aon’s UK leadership team and takes over from Jane Kielty.
Jonathan Zaffino joined Ascot in 2020 and was responsible for running the carrier’s (re)insurance platforms in the US and Bermuda.
"Marine and aviation markets among most active parts of the industry in recent months, data shows."
"City Minister Andrew Griffith has outlined hopes for the Financial Services and Markets Bill, which will enact various regulatory reforms, including a new competitiveness objective."
"The company increased its attachment point on the $200mn aggregate cover to $750mn, up from $700mn."
The ratings agency also affirmed the financial strength rating of A and the long-term issuer credit rating of “a” for Fidelis and its subsidiaries.
Commercial risk solutions’ Q4 organic growth dropped 8 points year on year to 4%.
"Matthew Silley joins from Axis Capital, where he was cyber portfolio management lead."
The New York-listed carrier has completed its $125mn deal.
The carrier’s maximum event retention for the Auckland event is A$236mn.
Plus all the top news and latest people moves of the week.
The broker said the line of business has experienced 22 straight quarters of rate increases to reach “some degree of profitability”.
"In her new position, the executive will oversee the South American region, excluding Brazil."
"WTW has appointed Pieter Van Ede as global head of trade credit, in a move the broker said demonstrated its commitment to growth in the class of business."
"Andrew Lewis has outlined growth plans for Xitus, a niche global legacy firm he has co-founded that will focus on non-life and reinsurance deals of $5mn-$50mn."
"Apollo said the appointment will further diversify its marine, energy and transportation division."
"They will lead a new effort to deliver “innovative solutions” at the intersections of Marsh, Mercer, Guy Carpenter and Oliver Wyman."
It emerged in August that Philip Graham was leaving Chaucer after more than two decades at the company.
Analysts expressed surprise at the “underwhelming” profit and RoE projections.
"According to WTW’s report, countries are “de-aligning” from the West due to the declining influence of the US and its allies."
"Liability business has been impacted by rising claims costs, driven by social inflation trends."
"Staff earning less than £75,000 are to receive £1,500."
The executive has spent almost 50 years in the sector.
The carrier said GWP was up 12.7% to EUR33.3bn.
"The Bermudian also raised third-party capital of $402.9mn effective January 1, 2023, including $377.2mn in DaVinci and the remaining in Medici."
"Excluding agriculture, Chubb’s PC CoR rose to 85.9% in Q4 from 85.4% the prior-year quarter."
This was the highest single-year increase for the US index since 2006.
"In a brief update, the (re)insurer said reinsurance revenue is expected to grow by at least 5% at constant exchange rates."
"The carrier’s DI data showed that the mean gender pay gap fell in 2022, although it acknowledged there was more work to do on its ethnicity representation."
The regulator made the comments in correspondence with MPs amid ongoing discussion on Solvency II reform.
CEO Sheila Cameron has called for “sharp focus” on market transformation.
"The platform has gained Lloyd’s coverholder status along with capacity from Beazley, Axis and Greenlight Re, and started to bind risks in contingency, before expanding to other business lines."
The Spanish branch is part of Everest’s strategic expansion into international insurance.
The company has also expanded the regional scope of its underwriting managers as it looks to support growth.
"To replace Lyons, AIG appointed Sabra Purtill as interim CFO and Turab Hussain as interim chief actuary."
The former Canopius CEO will chair the company’s nominations and governance committees.
"More rain is forecast for Auckland, with three 'heavy rain warning – red' notices issued today."
The intermediary tallied $360bn in economic losses worldwide.
Matthew Keeping joins the company following a business restructure announced last week.
"It is understood that Axis and Canopius lead the facility, which considers clients from any industry sector in providing excess capacity."
"The expansive intermediary, which completed its $1.6bn acquisition of TigerRisk earlier this month, also reported 19% organic growth for the second year running."
The executive – who is working with former colleague Mayur Patel – has retained JP Morgan to advise on the raise.
The former reinsurance CEO had previously parted ways with Bob Cooney after working together on a reinsurer start-up last year.
"The decisive move to replace Laurent Rousseau early in his CEO tenure was about “timely decisions”, the Scor chairman said."
Mayor Wayne Brown said infrastructure and emergency services had been overwhelmed by the storm’s impact.
The outgoing chief had been in post since 2019.
Plus all the top news and latest people moves of the week.
"Speaking on the company's Q4 conference call, the executive said the market should not assume that WRB will become a heavy cat-exposed writer."
"The CEO also heralded the group’s “best full-year brokerage segment organic performance in decades”, with a figure of 9.7%."
"In an interview with this publication, the CEO admitted the transition “took longer than any one of us would have wanted”."
"RLI renewed its property per-risk treaty with an estimated 40% risk-adjusted rate increase, and the first dollar retention went up to $2mn."
The executive noted that the quarter marked the 21st quarter of rate increases.
The carrier estimated losing less than $10mn of desired renewals due to exits from property and property cat reinsurance.
Chairman Kessler remains in place until the 2024 General Meeting when he will stand down on hitting the age limit of 72.
"The charges spanned workforce actions, rationalizing technology and reducing the overall real estate footprint."
The broker has hired Linda Fihlen and Niklas Thorell to work in the new office.
The company has faced a challenging period thanks to motor claims inflation and losses relating to cold weather.
The UK Treasury has set out proposals for a new resolution regime that would be triggered when insurers are on the verge of insolvency.
Maddi Morris will be responsible for overseeing the growth and refinement of the insurer’s marine and energy liability account.
"The UK division will be headed by Tim Norman, while the international business will be directed by Mike Papworth."
The network’s report into how regulators process approvals is the latest study to unearth operational failures at the Financial Conduct Authority.
The loss aggregator pegged the loss figure at A$791mn in its initial claim estimate.
"Pre-tax catastrophe losses during the quarter totaled $64mn, including weather-related losses of $32mn, primarily attributable to Winter Storm Elliott."
"In addition, Lloyd's syndicates Atrium and Syndicate 1183 asked the judge to dismiss the case against them in its entirety."
"Before the move, the executive spent 12 years at Aon working as a reinsurance broker based in London."
"More retrocession capacity is likely to be deployed during 2023 as pricing holds up across the primary, reinsurance and retro markets, according to Conduit Re."
The broker found that the insured-loss figure for 2022 was nearly 60% higher than the annual average over the 21st century.
Fred Kleiterp worked at Swiss Re for more than 20 years but has joined Beazley as European general manager.
"Among other promotions, Seb Rice has been appointed commercial head of trade credit."
The world’s largest investment company has assets under management of more than $10tn.
Total economic losses are likely to be between $5bn and $7bn.
Fred Kleiterp will leave his current role as CEO for EMEA at Swiss Re Corporate Solutions to join Beazley in June.
The carrier also secured risk-adjusted rate increases of 19% across its portfolio at 1 January.
The RQ founder had been linked to 777 since its attempted acquisition of the listed firm.
"Businesses are increasingly opting not to take up cyber insurance amid rising costs, despite the growing threat from cyberattack, according to the British Insurance Brokers’ Association (Biba)."
The leading underwriter joins from Zurich.
The broker said it had repeatedly made the football club aware new signings not added to the policy schedule were uninsured.
The 17% uplift in its retention comes as reinsurers push for higher attachments.
"InsurTech Cygnvs, eight months after closing its $55mn Series A funding round, has come out of stealth mode."
"Former SSL chairman Andrew Sturdy’s MGA has hired staff from AGCS, Qatar Re and Trust Re."
"The firm opened its Zurich office last year with the aim of underwriting property, casualty and professional lines."
"The book of business was performing poorly, and was exposed to major claims from the 2021 Huntington Beach oil spill in California."
The association allowed managing agents to select the most suitable candidates in this election cycle.
His departure comes after a phase of rebuilding the carrier’s commercial property team.
"The funding round was led by Bling Capital, and included angel investors such as Vantage Risk CEO Greg Hendrick and CRC Insurance president Garret Koehn"
"Sources said that the company initially claimed to have secured support from London underwriters Canopius, Tokio Marine Kiln and Liberty Syndicate."
The products are designed to protect against instances of purchased carbon credits failing to materialise.
"The regulator examined carriers’ ability to model nat-cat and cyber events, with mixed results."
The new recruit was previously head of Aviva’s Global Corporate Solutions unit.
"The broker joined McGill around a year ago as part of the renewables, power and energy division."
The deal represents the first Part VII transfer completed by Marco since launching in 2020.
The firm’s family-leave policy now allows UK employees to receive 26 weeks at normal basic salary for both paternity and maternity leave and up to 52 weeks of parental leave.
The specialty (re)insurance broking business of the Aventum Group has recently announced a string of new hires.
"The unit brings together the firm’s facultative, consortia, facilities expertise and specialty reinsurance capabilities."
"The insurance industry must use its extensive risk management expertise to mitigate the risks of climate change, the chair says."
"CEO Nick Cook said the company also plans to invest in an international MGA strategy and a capital advisory unit, with 149 hires budgeted this year."
Daniel Castillo assumes the position after Marcos Falcão was elevated to the role of CEO in November last year.
The broker’s head of wholesale and specialty said London faces a great opportunity in 2023.
"Louise Piper joins from Aviva, where she was international broker director, and she has previously held senior roles at Axa XL, WTW and Marsh."
The launch follows similar establishments in the US and Bermuda.
"Rayner enjoyed a 36-year career in insurance, spending 27 years at Faraday,"
The association has also set its 1-in-100 PML at $4.45bn for the year.
The association has also set its 1-in-100 PML at $4.45bn for the year.
"If you only read a handful of stories this week, make it the selection below."
"If you only read a handful of stories this week, make it the selection below."
This is not the first time BE Group has shown interest in acquiring the Belgian carrier.
"Based in Bermuda, the executive will oversee the firm’s investments in technology and support its growth initiatives."
"The executive worked at Howden’s office in south Florida for over two years, following a nine-year spell at Guy Carpenter."
Affinity will maintain its current brand and management team.
"Barry Marren, who leads Arcadian’s property team, will focus on acquiring worldwide industrial and commercial property business."
The company has also made Richard Lawson CEO of PCIS
The new hire spent 12 years at Canopius and a decade at Novae.
The proposed reforms could free wholesale brokers from rules designed for retailers.
"As a result of rising reinsurance costs and contracting reinsurance capacity, primary political violence rates are increasing up to 400%, depending on the geography."
The Boston-headquartered mutual is understood to have recently pitched potential acquirers of the LatAm assets.
As insurers grow more comfortable with retaining attritional cyber risk they are altering reinsurance placements.
"Stephen Hitch, senior vice president of underwriting at Xchange Benefits, will lead the new MGU."
The industry group has launched its first target-setting protocol.
She had served as director of underwriting at Nephila since mid-2018.
"The energy crisis came in as a top-four concern, with 44% of respondents expressing worries over fuel costs, supply disruptions, inflation and the effects of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine."
"Among the programmes accredited, RQ agreed its first in Germany."
The broker’s staff and infrastructure will transfer into BMS’ existing Australian business
Melanie O’Neill was previously CUO of LSM’s commercial business and takes over her new specialty responsibilities from Mike Gosselin.
The soft-launch event is set to be held in Hamilton on 26 January.
"In a House of Commons Treasury select committee meeting, PRA CEO Sam Woods and Bank of England governor Andrew Bailey discussed proposed insurance regulation reforms with MPs."
"Insurers are looking to buy fac protection to cope with increased retentions on treaty programmes, while exclusions around political violence could also boost demand."
"IG increased the percentage of its first layer placed in the open market, after not renewing one of two 10% multi-year placements."
"Going forward, the legacy MA division will be led by co-heads Huw Battrick and Parri Spector."
"Paolo Cuomo joined last year from Brit, where he worked as director of operations, having joined the company in 2019 as head of strategy."
The vehicle was upsized by 20% from 2022.
The recruit is reunited with former Ed colleague and co-CEO James Baird.
The rating was raised from ‘BBB+’ due to the Corporation’s stable and sustainable solvency ratio.
"Having joined the company in 2016, the executive was working as a lead underwriter in LATAM prior to the announcement."
"The group’s operating results have improved, but the ratings agency warned that further action could be taken if risk-adjusted capital levels did not rise."
"It is understood that the executive will be joining the conglomerate’s reinsurance business, run by Ajit Jain."
"The carrier argued that, because the sum it was being sued for was significant – $95mn in the all-risk case and $240mn in the war risk case – it should be allowed to represent itself."
"Oscar Becerra has nearly two decades of experience in the aviation market, both as a broker and an underwriter."
The government will look to mitigate against future disasters rather than subsidise insurance.
The executive chairman has sold around half of his holding back to the company.
Plus the latest people moves and all the top news of the week.
It is understood that the Miami-based underwriter will continue operating with capacity from Bermudian carrier PartnerRe and Mexican reinsurer Patria Re.
Bissett will oversee Convex’s finance function in addition to the data and actuarial teams.
